hi Tom McWilliams
this is I of bread iOS which for a
series of swipes the bread kind of
figures out where you kind of corner
and then basically
throw it and flop it around and you want
to stay off the floor because they
should see now that present day from
basic being on the floor and you want to
become toast
- the key s ants on the table wanna
dodge those those moving around
climbing across here every level will
have a multiple ways to toast yourself
so if you see on in the kitchen there's
some pops if I'm able to get to them
I've had you toast myself on those
instead
be careful night so she's fallen
and blind yourself in any water
I'll kill the breath and
as long as you kind of like press the
screen you're basically grab hold of
something I don't across this gap I can
like kind of throw the bread across
there and then miss starlett
Ambar us there's always you've got one
thing on the screen the red will always
like hold on to
and then basically just call this chaos
throughout this house so every level
take you to a new part of the house
until eventually well the bread escapes
outside and that's when you kind of have
to start so being smart about
how you move what you avoid and also
working out how to actually become toast
so you guys are the folks most surgeons
in yeah so again we've had a very long
process
of getting I am bread contour on
touch devices and I will say this
preview builds so yeah their looms are
subject to change
yeah there'll be a few a few like you -
a couple of graphical glitches and stuff
like that this because we're still
actually working through its release
Jets burn you go bomb yet toast we then
got a nice new grading system they'll
tell you like what you miss to get your
maximum grade to see I was too slow
and I didn't finish very edible awesome
so once came up and much as it so the
game is out soon we don't have an exact
release a also you see it's not entirely
finished yet yep
is the next level and I'm sorry that was
the other question how much to gain good
me Oh
again pricing and current release
details we're not sure but I imagine
country probably similarly priced like
Sergent something like that and yeah
then you basically work your way through
the story yeah it's a prequel to surge
of signaler actually as a cannon within
the society I mean absolutely so the the
house we're in house we're trashing is
actually the patient from social
similares house and this is the prequel
to the events of this story will
actually lead to him being on the
operating table